this is a 2006
to cut the Multistrada 1045 the idea was
to get the naked look and to keep the
driving characteristics of a Multistrada
which is a supermoto touring
characteristics as you can see a lot of
panels and parts head has been removed
over 20 parts have been change have been
removed and over 20-plus have been made
new if we start from the front you can
see that we put the headlights of a
Yamaha NK mt 0 3 new mountings and
holdings were made for the headlight
windscreen has been made new the Tahoe
has been displaced with new Holdings all
cooler has been also displaced it was
about 20 centimetres higher with new
mounts and Holdings siren was put from
the right side to the front the major
modification was done to the tank all of
the panels were taking off from the tank
as you can see the left and the right
side are asymmetric on the left side we
put most of the wirings Ocwen fuses and
most of the things are put here that's
why this side is bigger than the right
side originally battery was also over
here the battery was removed
and it's behind the bike under the seat
also foldings for the battery were made
new as you can see also the holdings for
the taillight plates holder Anu DAF
optical the back has been also
dramatically changed originally
Multistrada had back panels which look
much different they were stripped off
some holes have been filmed over here
new back panel has been made exhaust has
been made you because it's an open
exhausts we had to also change the air
filter we put a K&N filter to give a
better airflow as you can see altogether
a lot of parts have been stripped off
and we succeeded in getting a look of a
naked bike
you